Add docs for the changelog format (#609)
Azure/dalec: website/docs/spec.md

```

For more information, please see [Testing](testing.md).

## Changelog section

Changelog section is used to define the changelog for the spec. This changelog can be used to define the changes made to the package which may include patches,

> updating versions, triggering rebuilds for dependencies, or basically any change to the spec that will trigger a new revision of the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updating source versions, triggering rebuilds to update dependencies, or basically any change to the spec that will trigger a new revision of the package. 
```
